{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red30\green46\blue54;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c15686\c23529\c27451;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17020\viewh13560\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl920\sa514\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs76\fsmilli38400 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Side project policy\

\fs48 This is an example of a side project HR policy. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 Summary\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \
10% of work time is dedicated to side projects.\
\
To enhance productivity and well-being, and continue professional technical skills development, every Friday, noon onwards, is side project afternoon. If you take lunch after noon, then that includes your lunch. The policy is that we provide 10% of working time as side project time.\
\
The intention of Side Project afternoon is for you to do something which enables you to develop skills that will benefit the company, even if it\'92s indirectly, and for the team to share the knowledge gained, through discussion at the start and the end of the afternoon. If you pick carefully, you will also be able to develop something which directly benefits your own personal goals. \'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Acceptable side projects:
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
Programming\
Training courses\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Unacceptable side projects:
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
Knitting\
Emailing people\
Reading a novel\
\
As a result the Company has the right to veto side projects done on work time.\
\
Everyone employed by General Products is entitled to side project afternoon.\
\
By default, the work you do on side project afternoon belongs to you. For General Products Ltd to be able to use it, you have to email Emma Barnes a specific release.\'a0\
\
Text of such release is:\'a0\
\
\'93I irrevocably assign the copyright of [clear description of the thing] to General Products Ltd for the full term of copyright.\'94\
\
If side project afternoon falls on a national holiday, a personal holiday date or another day when you are not in the office, then you cannot do your own side project afternoon on another day.\
\
If there is an urgent, significant business problem, then side project afternoon will be cancelled or shortened for that week, with no \'93time in lieu\'94 on another day.\
}